The emperor's rebellion
Not only does it affect the face of the royal family
Spread out can also affect the fertility of Empress Yuanping
Since this old slave has committed suicide without guilt
According to the concubine
How about this is over?
That being the case
Don't forget what you told the harem master
According to the original
In this palace wall
To survive
You have to do everything you can.
Receive the favor of the emperor
Even if he only loves my face
Yuan Pin
What do you think?
Thank you Emperor for your blessing
This time, Empress Yuanping was finally in danger
It seems
This time I misunderstood him
I heard.
A few days ago, Yuan Ping angered Long Yan again
Got punished a lot
That's a shame
Want me to say
It has to be your sister, you are favored
Go to the emperor's palace every now and then
However, I also feel sorry for my sister
It's been so long.
Just a noble
Now that I say this, I'm angry
I've been in the palace for so long
Become a pet so many times
So far, he's just a noble person
He Jiangyuan He De He Neng
Entering the palace is a poor person